## Weekly report 2

### What did I do/How has the program progressed?
This week I have started work on the actual compression algorithms. I now have a working algorithm which can compress
UTF-8 encoded data using Huffman coding. The program reads text from a .txt file called "test.txt" and outputs the compressed version to a file called
"testOutput.bin". The binary strings can also be decompressed back to UTF-8 encoded text, but only during runtime. Perhaps later I can somehow include
the hashmap in the .bin file, which would allow me to decompress any file generated by my program.

I have also written tests for my "Huffman" class. I will most likely add more later as the structure of the algorithm may change. 

I also started using jacoco, checkstyle and javadoc in the project.

A heap datastructure called "CPriorityQueue" (Custom-PriorityQueue) was also started, however it is still very much work in progress so no tests or javadoc
are provided for this class yet.

### What caused problems?
In Huffman coding we map each character to a string of bits. For example a = 110. What is the best way to include these relations in the compressed file, or is
this too much work for this course?

I also have a question about the structure of the Huffman class. The algorithm has some clear "steps" it needs to go through, I have separated each of these into a method
and set them all to be public so that I can individually test all of them. However the drawback is that the structure of the class becomes a little messy, we call
method "Compress" and it further calls all the methods in order, is this an acceptable structure for the class? I would like to make the methods private since
they are not supposed to be callable from outside the class but this makes testing harder.

### What will be done next?
Next week I will fully implement "CPriorityQueue" and start using it instead of the default java implementation. I will take another look at my "Huffman" class
and see if there is an obvious way to make it more efficient and to polish it further.

I will also start work on the LZW-algorithm, I will most likely first implement a very crude version.

### Time spent
Coding, testing, writing documentation and reading java documentation altogether took about 15 hours this week.
